 The GameStop squeeze on short-sellers is an extraordinary event in markets, where at face value, retail traders and investors have worked together in an attempt to put some of the largest wall street institutions out of business . The broking firm of most of the retail side of this warfare ‘RobinHood’ is stealing from its poor, retail investors to give to its rich, capital backers .  Victor Niederhoffer blew his hedge fund up in 1997 in a highly statistically improbable event, in which he sold puts that were targeted by market mechanics, rather than ‘truth’. The market here is more leveraged, more volatile, more aggressive, better for types of trading and worse for investing. The fundamentals no longer matter; and this was demonstrated only 5 years later with what could be the largest bubble of viable assets in history .  Greenspans moral hazard of late 1994/1995 fundamentally changed the market in a new way . Extraordinary people who were never wrong in risk-adjusted terms and who understood markets were carried out of them horizontally by players with leverage . Financial markets were now more poker – positioning, position size and leverage – and less fundamental – what are the future cash-flows of this business?  Does this matter?  In 1998, Long Term Capital Management (LTCM) busted during the 1998 Russian financial crises, losing up to $4.6 billion USD in face value of an approximately $1 billion USD fund . Alan Greenspans Federal Reserve brokered a deal to rescue LTCM with Goldman Sachs, who had access to the assets sold at firesale – again a benefactor of the interventions of public institutions filled with their own alumni .  Market speculation was now purely a highly leveraged, volatile and aggressive game in which fundamentals essentially did not matter . The politically connected were able to exploit event risk, with insider knowledge providing superior returns . 2008-2020 was another epoch . Now in 2021 we have a new epoch: Game Stop .  Robinhood is ‘free’ because it sells its order-flow to high frequency trading firms, with its largest partner being Citadel, a hedge fund . Citadel has covered Melvin Capitals losses, one of the losing hedge funds in GameStop with upto $3 billion, along with the fund Point72 . Robinhood has stolen from the poor to give to the rich . Now there is a rumour that they require funding, and that there are serious problems in the broker-dealer network .  The collective voices in the financial media carrying water for the billionaires who lost money in the game that they perpetuated, ‘Game, Stop! ’ ’ By Thomas Kuhn, CFA, “It’s only when the average man on the street participates in their game with their rules, that we hear a complaint, half whimper, half anger .  If it goes down too much before the announcement, a stern meeting at the camp Kinsella woodworking commune may be scheduled in order to varnish a few words . But remember old turkey partridges adman .